fix(mesh): fix mesh RBAC documentation (#7195)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_src/mesh/features/rbac.md

## Example

{% navtabs %}
{% navtab "targetRef" selectors %}

> Here are the steps to create a new user and restrict the access only to `MeshTrafficPermission` for backend service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps create a new user and restrict the access to only `MeshTrafficPermission` for the backend service.
```

{% navtabs %}
{% navtab Kubernetes %}

> 1. Create a backend-owner Kubernetes user and configure kubectl:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a backend-owner Kubernetes user and configure `kubectl`:
```

    ' | kubectl apply -f -
    ```

5. Change the service to test user access:

    ```sh
    kubectl config use-context backend-owner
    echo "
    apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
    kind: MeshTrafficPermission
    metadata:
      name: web-to-backend
      namespace: kong-mesh-system
      labels:
        kuma.io/mesh: default
    spec:
      targetRef:
        kind: MeshService
        name: backend
      from:
      - targetRef:
          kind: MeshService
          name: web
        default:
          action: ALLOW
    " | kubectl apply -f -
    # operation should succeed, access to backend service access is granted

    echo "
    apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
    kind: MeshTrafficPermission
    metadata:
      name: web-to-backend
      namespace: kong-mesh-system
      labels:
        kuma.io/mesh: default
    spec:
      targetRef:
        kind: MeshService
        name: not-backend # access to this service is not granted
      from:
      - targetRef:
          kind: MeshService
          name: web
        default:
          action: ALLOW
    " | kubectl apply -f -
    # operation should not succeed
    ```
{% endnavtab %}
{% navtab Universal %}

> Here are the steps to create a new user and restrict the access only to `TrafficPermission` for backend service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following steps create a new user and restrict the access to only `TrafficPermission` for the backend service.
```

{:.note}
> **Note**: By default, all requests that originate from localhost are authenticated as the `admin` user in the `mesh-system:admin` group.
For this example to work, you must either run the control plane with `KUMA_API_SERVER_AUTHN_LOCALHOST_IS_ADMIN` set to `false` or access the control plane using a method other than localhost.

> 1. Extract admin token and configure kumactl with admin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Extract the admin token and configure `kumactl` with the admin:
```

    - backend-owner' | kumactl apply -f -
    ```

5. Change the user and test RBAC:

    ```sh
    kumactl config control-planes switch --name cp-backend-owner
    echo "
    type: MeshTrafficPermission
    mesh: default
    name: web-to-backend
    spec:
      targetRef:
        kind: MeshService
        name: backend
      from:
      - targetRef:
          kind: MeshService
          name: web
        default:
          action: ALLOW
    " | kumactl apply -f -
    # this operation should succeed

    echo "
    type: MeshTrafficPermission
    mesh: default
    name: web-to-backend
    spec:
      targetRef:
        kind: MeshService
        name: not-backend
      from:
      - targetRef:
          kind: MeshService
          name: web
        default:
          action: ALLOW
    " | kumactl apply -f -
    Error: Access Denied (user "backend-owner/mesh-system:authenticated" cannot access the resource)
    ```

{% endnavtab %}
{% endnavtabs %}
{% endnavtab %}
{% navtab Source and Destination selectors %}
{% navtabs %}
{% navtab Kubernetes %}

> 1. Create a backend-owner Kubernetes user and configure kubectl:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a backend-owner Kubernetes user and configure `kubectl`:
```

    " | kubectl apply -f -
    ```

> 4. Create an AccessRole to grant permissions to user `backend-owner` to modify `TrafficPermission` only for the backend service:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Create an AccessRole to grant permissions to the `backend-owner` user to modify `TrafficPermission` only for the backend service:
```

    ' | kubectl apply -f -
    ```

5. Change the service to test user access:

    ```sh
    kubectl config use-context backend-owner
    echo "
    apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
    kind: TrafficPermission
    mesh: default
    metadata:
      name: web-to-backend
    spec:
      sources:
      - match:
          kuma.io/service: web
      destinations:
      - match:
          kuma.io/service: backend
    " | kubectl apply -f -
    # operation should succeed, access to backend service access is granted

    echo "
    apiVersion: kuma.io/v1alpha1
    kind: TrafficPermission
    mesh: default
    metadata:
      name: web-to-backend
    spec:
      sources:
      - match:
          kuma.io/service: web
      destinations:
      - match:
          kuma.io/service: not-backend # access to this service is not granted
    " | kubectl apply -f -
    # operation should not succeed
    ```
{% endnavtab %}
{% navtab Universal %}

{:.note}

> > **Note**: By default, all requests that originates from localhost are authenticated as user `admin` belonging to group `mesh-system:admin`.
> In order for this example to work you must either run the control plane with `KUMA_API_SERVER_AUTHN_LOCALHOST_IS_ADMIN` set to `false` or be accessing the control plane not via localhost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note**: By default, all requests that originates from localhost are authenticated as the `admin` user belonging to the `mesh-system:admin` group.
For this example to work, you must either run the control plane with `KUMA_API_SERVER_AUTHN_LOCALHOST_IS_ADMIN` set to `false` or access the control plane via a method other than localhost.
```
